Now let's take a look at transformations.

A transformation generally translates into a translation where you're moving the object from one X and Y 

coordinate to another on the screen.

You can scale it, you can increase its size or decrease its size, and you can skew it amongst others.

So let's have a look at that now.
As is becoming tradition in these labs, we create a box, and we give it some width and height values.
So we set the width and height to be 100 pixels.
And we set the background color to the red-orange that we've been using on and off throughout the labs.
Let's test our CSS just to make sure it's being applied.
And we can see it is, 100 by 100, a square.


Now we're going to add a transform.
And the value for that transform is going to be a translation.
So we're going to translate, which really means move, our box 100 pixels along the x-axis and 100 pixels 

along the y-axis. It's just like Cartesian geometry you would have learned at school. Our coordinates 

are "X" and "Y", so the first value is an "X", and the second value is a "Y". And remember that in 

computing the origin, (0,0) is the top left hand corner, so just be aware of that when you're doing 

translations. It's not the bottom left-hand corner.

Out in developer tools, we could play around with the values to see them translate. These really come 

into their own when they're used as part of hover triggers or elevations. You can also use different 

measurements as well, such as centimeters, and percentages, and so on. 

You can do rotations. You can see here, you can rotate 3d, you can rotate on the zed, you can rotate on 

the Y, on the X.  So they're quite fun to play around with and get used to. So let's do a rotation here. 

I'm gonna rotate in terms of degrees, so that's the values that you can use here. I can use a minus, 

again, up to 360 degrees for a full rotation and beyond. To increase beyond that, you can use animations 

to make these quite interesting.

Let's have a look at the skew.
And you can see that in action.
Great fun, can be quite useful as well. Get to know them, play around with them.